DEFENSE GUIDE:

DATA MODEL:
Relationships:
*Look Up and Master-Detail Relationship
Master-Detail Relationship:
It is a tightly coupled record that has a direct dependency between the two objects. It can also be described as a parent-child relationship.
The record of detail cannot be created without a master.
The sharing rules are inherited from the master to the detail record.
We cannot update the relationship to the master in a master-detail relationship.
The number of master-detail relationships that can be used is limited to 2.
Master-detail relationships are automatically included in report record types.
We also cannot set the profile object permissions for the record of detail.
If a master record is deleted then the record of its detail also gets deleted along with it, that is, it implements cascade delete.
Roll-Up Summary can be created on a master detail.
Lookup Relationship:
This type of relationship can be used when we just need to have the relationship between two objects but not a direct dependency on each other.
This is a loosely coupled relationship.
These are used to reference commonly shared data, such as reference data.
The maximum number of lookup relationships in a field can be 40.
They are used to link two objects together when we do not want to have the behavior of the master-detail like sharing rules, profile permissions, and cascade delete.
Lookups are used when we need to relate multiple ‘parents’ to the record of detail.
Deletion of the parent just deletes the related field in the child but not the whole record.
This type of relationship is also like a one-to-many relationship.

Junction Object Purpose
Salesforce Junction Objects give you a way to create a many-to-many relationship between Salesforce objects. They are created using a custom object and then relating two other objects via two master-detail relationships.

CRITERIA IN LOOKUP FILTERS (Self Relationship)




CUSTOMIZE USER INTERFACE

Quick ACtions - What can Quick Actions do?
Record Types and Page Layouts
Chatter


Cross Object FOrmulas
Validation Rules
FOrmula/Roll Up Summary


SECURITY
Custom Profiles
Field Level Security
Permission Set
Sharing Settings

OWD


AUTOMATION
PRocess Builder
FLows

Process Builder: Basic Building Blocks

Remember, Process Builder is the simple calculator. It performs extremely well but does not need to be extremely complicated. Here are some actions you can take in Process Builder.

Add a document to a folder
Launch a flow
Copy and Live Paste content from one document to another
Add members to a document
Submit a record for approval
Export to a PDF

Flow Builder: Advance Your Automation

Remember Flow Builder is the ultra-powerful. Referring back to our calculator analogy, this is a top-of-the-line graphical calculator. You can build seamless interactions by building and distributing flows.

Flows are applications built using our Cloud Flow Designer that can execute logic, interact with the Salesforce database, call Apex classes, and collect data from users. Using flows, you can:

Build a guided user experience with dynamic screens, auto-launch and run behind the scenes, or both.
Extend through Apex and Visualforce technologies.


Workflow Rules
bulletTasks—Assign a new task to a user, role, or record owner.
bulletEmail Alerts—Send an email to one or more recipients you specify.
bulletField Updates—Update the value of a field on a record.
bulletOutbound Messages—Send a secure, configurable API message (in XML format) to a designated listener.


Approval Process





